so as I finish my talk I have each of
you who embrace your privilege will
privileged role as one of the world's
most educated citizens make sure your
work as much of it as possible is
available for fellow scientists
amplified always make sure you're
working to push the boundaries of
knowledge rather than defending your
view of the world and break the world
with you know your own biases be
inclusive show patience and show respect
to everyone around you from young
children you might meet while visiting a
kindergarten to potentially lady meeting
the leader of your country if we all do
this we can make a difference and in
2019 I'm sorry to say we must make a
difference the world is waiting for us
thank you very much
[Music]
for once more warmly welcome to the know
and have a really great week
[Music]
[Applause]
you